at French when explorers we have
extensive experience managing and
planning wine tours in France one of our
favorite destination is burgundy it has
beautiful landscape it is very rich in
history but most of all it has exquisite
food and wine during one of our first
visit to burgundy we were meeting with
the hotel manager he greeted us with a
glass of Maharshi now this was nothing
short of amazing to this day I'm still
trying to recreate that experience note
that this is not unusual both red and
white Burgundy's are not to create these
amazing moments that are just
unforgettable besides the wonderful
Moorish a burgundy is also home to some
wonderful gaku such as Sean Burton with
blue and American tea there's something
unique about the combination of sand
land and soil that brings the best of
the grapes in Burgundy
both Pinot Noir and Chardonnay no other
place on earth as taking the notion of
terroir seriously and as long as
Burgundy it's rich cultural heritage can
be seen at amazing sites such as Claude
Avenue with its 13th century wine
presses as well as the glottis piece of
bone famous for its surely one option
the region is a culinary paradise it
offer rich food that purrs brutally with
its local wine to access the best states
and avoid crowds we usually recommend
going in early spring or late fall so
join us on the wine tour today and
contact French one explorers at wine
touch tours - france calm or call us at
one eight 77261 one five zero zero
a bientot